Correct Amplitude free tier in comparison table (#18571)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/blog/posthog-vs-amplitude.mdx

### Surveys

> PostHog includes surveys out of the box, with 1,500 free responses per month and support for multiple formats like NPS, PMF, open text, and ratings, plus customization and targeting options. Amplitude includes its Guides & Surveys product on every plan, but the free tier only allows a small number of guides or surveys, with higher volumes reserved for paid plans.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PostHog includes surveys out of the box, with 1,500 free responses per month and support for multiple formats like NPS, PMF, open text, and ratings, plus customization and targeting options. Amplitude includes its Guides & Surveys product on every plan, but the free tier only allows _one_ survey with limited features. More features and surveys are limited to higher plans and their survey add-on. 
```

#### Amplitude pricing philosophy

> **Amplitude charges based on event volume**. Its free plan includes 2 million events per month, and paid plans scale with the number of events you send, with higher tiers unlocking more advanced analytics, experimentation, and enterprise features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Amplitude charges based on event volume**. Its free plan includes 2 million events per month, and paid plans scale with sent events, with higher tiers unlocking more advanced analytics, experimentation, and enterprise features.
```

<summary>What are the main differences between PostHog and Amplitude?</summary>

- **Pricing model:** PostHog uses usage-based pricing (pay per event/replay); Amplitude uses MTU-based pricing (pay per tracked user)

> - **Free tier:** PostHog offers 1M events, 5,000 replays, 1,500 survey responses free; Amplitude offers 10K MTUs (2M events), 1,000 replays, and limited surveys

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Free tier:** PostHog offers 1M events, 5,000 replays, 1,500 survey responses free; Amplitude offers 10K MTUs (2M events), 1,000 replays, and 1 survey
```
